
Configuration File Settings:

Name                        Type       Current Value                           
=========================== =========  ========================================
accessibility-check         enum       0 (Tidy Classic)                       
add-xml-decl                Boolean    no                                     
add-xml-space               Boolean    no                                     
alt-text                    String                                            
anchor-as-name              Boolean    yes                                    
ascii-chars                 Boolean    no                                     
assume-xml-procins          Boolean    no                                     
bare                        Boolean    no                                     
break-before-br             Boolean    no                                     
char-encoding               Encoding   utf8                                   
clean                       Boolean    no                                     
coerce-endtags              Boolean    yes                                    
css-prefix                  String                                            
decorate-inferred-ul        Boolean    no                                     
doctype                     DocType    auto                                   
doctype-mode                Integer   *2                                      
drop-empty-elements         Boolean    yes                                    
drop-empty-paras            Boolean    yes                                    
drop-font-tags              Boolean    no                                     
drop-proprietary-attributes Boolean    no                                     
enclose-block-text          Boolean    no                                     
enclose-text                Boolean    no                                     
error-file                  String                                            
escape-cdata                Boolean    no                                     
fix-backslash               Boolean    yes                                    
fix-bad-comments            Boolean    yes                                    
fix-uri                     Boolean    yes                                    
force-output                Boolean    no                                     
gdoc                        Boolean    no                                     
gnu-emacs                   Boolean    no                                     
gnu-emacs-file              String                                            
hide-comments               Boolean    no                                     
hide-endtags                Boolean    no                                     
indent                      AutoBool   no                                     
indent-attributes           Boolean    no                                     
indent-cdata                Boolean    no                                     
indent-spaces               Integer    2                                      
indent-with-tabs            Boolean    no                                     
input-encoding              Encoding   utf8                                   
input-xml                   Boolean    no                                     
join-classes                Boolean    no                                     
join-styles                 Boolean    yes                                    
keep-time                   Boolean    no                                     
language                    String                                            
literal-attributes          Boolean    no                                     
logical-emphasis            Boolean    no                                     
lower-literals              Boolean    yes                                    
markup                      Boolean    yes                                    
merge-divs                  AutoBool   auto                                   
merge-emphasis              Boolean    yes                                    
merge-spans                 AutoBool   auto                                   
ncr                         Boolean    yes                                    
new-blocklevel-tags         Tag names                                         
new-empty-tags              Tag names                                         
new-inline-tags             Tag names                                         
new-pre-tags                Tag names                                         
newline                     enum       LF                                     
numeric-entities            Boolean    no                                     
omit-optional-tags          Boolean    no                                     
output-bom                  AutoBool   auto                                   
output-encoding             Encoding   utf8                                   
output-file                 String                                            
output-html                 Boolean    no                                     
output-xhtml                Boolean    no                                     
output-xml                  Boolean    no                                     
preserve-entities           Boolean    no                                     
punctuation-wrap            Boolean    no                                     
quiet                       Boolean    no                                     
quote-ampersand             Boolean    yes                                    
quote-marks                 Boolean    no                                     
quote-nbsp                  Boolean    yes                                    
repeated-attributes         enum       keep-last                              
replace-color               Boolean    no                                     
show-body-only              AutoBool   no                                     
show-errors                 Integer    6                                      
show-info                   Boolean    yes                                    
show-warnings               Boolean    yes                                    
slide-style                 String                                            
sort-attributes             enum       none                                   
split                       Boolean    no                                     
tab-size                    Integer    8                                      
tidy-mark                   Boolean    yes                                    
uppercase-attributes        Boolean    no                                     
uppercase-tags              Boolean    no                                     
vertical-space              Boolean    no                                     
word-2000                   Boolean    no                                     
wrap                        Integer    68                                     
wrap-asp                    Boolean    yes                                    
wrap-attributes             Boolean    no                                     
wrap-jste                   Boolean    yes                                    
wrap-php                    Boolean    yes                                    
wrap-script-literals        Boolean    no                                     
wrap-sections               Boolean    yes                                    
write-back                  Boolean    no                                     


Values marked with an *asterisk are calculated 
internally by HTML Tidy

